docs(themeing): Move all themes in separate files (#1782)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/themes/themes-list/fluent.md

### Switching from Material to Fluent theme

> Since version `8.2` our components support a new theme, built based on the [`Microsoft Fluent Design System`](https://www.microsoft.com/design/fluent/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version `8.2` our components include a new theme inspired by the [`Microsoft Fluent Design System`](https://www.microsoft.com/design/fluent/).  
```

> In order to switch from `material` to `fluent`, you can use one of the build in mixins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to switch from `Material` to `Fluent`, you can use one of the built-in mixins.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fluent Light Theme

```

```scss
// For the `light` version
@include igx-fluent-theme($fluent-excel-palette);

> // For the `Dark` version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fluent Dark Theme

```scss
// For the `Dark` version
```

@include igx-fluent-dark-theme($fluent-excel-dark-palette);
```

> We also added a `Microsoft Word` palette. To use it just replace the `$fluent-excel-palette` with `$fluent-word-palette`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also added a `Microsoft Word` inspired palette. To use it just replace the `$fluent-excel-palette` with `$fluent-word-palette`:
```

```scss

> // For the `light` version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// For the `Light` version
```

## Switching from Material to Fluent Theme
Since version `8.2` our components include a new theme inspired by the [`Microsoft Fluent Design System`](https://www.microsoft.com/design/fluent/)  
  

> We also added a `Microsoft Word` palette. To use it just replace the `$fluent-excel-palette` with `$fluent-word-palette`:  

Reviewer 2: Say something like we support Word and Excel palette. You have not introduced the Excel palette to say that we also have a Word one and it sounds weird.

In order to switch from `Material` to `Fluent`, you can use one of the build-in mixins.

### Fluent Light Theme
```scss
@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';
@include igc-core();
@include igx-fluent-theme($fluent-excel-palette);
```

### Fluent Dark Theme
```scss
@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';
@include igc-core();

> @include igx-fluent-dark-theme($fluent-word-palette);

Reviewer 2: Use Excel in both snippets
